Information on Scheduler scalability changes (#4539)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/concepts/dapr-services/scheduler.md

The Scheduler service Docker container is started automatically as part of `dapr init`. It can also be run manually as a process if you are running in [slim-init mode]({{< ref self-hosted-no-docker.md >}}).

> The Scheduler can be run in both high availability (HA) and non-HA modes in self-hosted deployments. However, non-HA mode is not recommended for production use. If switching between non-HA and HA modes, the existing data directory must be removed, which will result in loss of jobs and actor reminders. Ensure you [run a back up]({{< ref "#back-up-and-restore-scheduler-data" >}}) before making this change to avoid losing data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Scheduler can be run in both high availability (HA) and non-HA modes in self-hosted deployments. However, non-HA mode is not recommended for production use. If switching between non-HA and HA modes, the existing data directory must be removed, which results in loss of jobs and actor reminders. [Run a back-up]({{< ref "#back-up-and-restore-scheduler-data" >}}) before making this change to avoid losing data.
```

## Kubernetes mode

> The Scheduler service is deployed as part of `dapr init -k`, or via the Dapr Helm charts. Scheduler will always run in high availability (HA) mode in Kubernetes deployments. Scaling up or down is not possible without incurring data loss due to the nature of the embedded data store. [Learn more about setting HA mode in your Kubernetes service.]({{< ref "kubernetes-production.md#individual-service-ha-helm-configuration" >}})

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Scheduler service is deployed as part of `dapr init -k`, or via the Dapr Helm charts. When deployed this way, the Scheduler service runs in high availability (HA) mode by default on Kubernetes with 3 replicas. Scaling the Scheduler service replicas up or down is not possible without incurring data loss due to the nature of the embedded data store. [Learn more about setting HA mode in your Kubernetes service.]({{< ref "kubernetes-production.md#individual-service-ha-helm-configuration" >}})
```

Author: I applied the second change 🙏 , but I think the first one is more ambiguous

> The Scheduler service is deployed as part of `dapr init -k`, or via the Dapr Helm charts. Scheduler will always run in high availability (HA) mode in Kubernetes deployments. Scaling the Scheduler service replicas up or down is not possible without incurring data loss due to the nature of the embedded data store. [Learn more about setting HA mode in your Kubernetes service.]({{< ref "kubernetes-production.md#individual-service-ha-helm-configuration" >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Scheduler service is deployed as part of `dapr init -k`, or via the Dapr Helm charts. Scheduler always runs in high availability (HA) mode in Kubernetes deployments. Scaling the Scheduler service replicas up or down is not possible without incurring data loss due to the nature of the embedded data store. [Learn more about setting HA mode in your Kubernetes service.]({{< ref "kubernetes-production.md#individual-service-ha-helm-configuration" >}})
```
